docs: Rewrite contributing guide, architecture overview etc. (#1419)
aquasecurity/tfsec: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Thank you for considering contributing to tfsec! :heart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for considering a contribution to tfsec! :heart:
```

<p align="center">
    <img alt="welcome to the party, pal!" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/l0MYGb1LuZ3n7dRnO/giphy.gif"/>
</p>

> Please consider checking out the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please review the following resources:
```

- [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md): A very high level document that gives an overview of the code and aims to answer the question *Where is the code that does X?*
- [#tfsec on AquaSec Slack](https://slack.aquasec.com): Come and talk over any questions/suggestions you have with us on Slack!
- [tfsec documentation](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tfsec/latest/): General usage documentation and rule information.

## :ballot_box_with_check: PR Checklist

- Ensure the build passes locally first with `make pr-ready`.
- Add a brief description of your change.
- Link to the issue which the PR resolves. Please [create one](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tfsec/issues/new/choose) if necessary.

> - Prefix your PR title with one of [these](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/v3.0.0/index.json) as described in [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) e.g. `feat: Add new rule for AWS S3 bucket encryption`.

Reviewer: I think we should add the list here so you don't need to link out - but still include the link

- For bonus points, include a gif to maintain reviewer morale.

## :book: Guide: Adding New Rules 

> If you have any questions/suggestions about the below, please get in touch! If you get stuck at any point we'd be happy to chat, assist or pair-program with you to get your rule merged. The below may look daunting, but many steps can often be skipped or are simpler than the volume of text makes them look at first glance. Don't be afraid to get stuck in and ask us for help if required!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions/suggestions about the steps below, please get in touch! If you get stuck at any point we'd be happy to chat, assist or pair-program with you to get your rule merged. The process may look daunting, however, many steps can often be skipped or are simpler than the volume of text makes them look at first glance. 
Don't be afraid to get stuck in and ask us for help if required! For quick assistance [Slack](https://slack.aquasec.com) is often the quickest route to help.
```

### :fork_and_knife: Step 1: Fork *defsec*

As described in [ARCHITECTURE.md](ARCHITECTURE.md), the rule logic is defined in the [DefSec](https://github.com/aquasecurity/defsec) repository. To add a new rule, we'll need to add it here before pulling it into tfsec. 

So firstly you'll need to [fork the repository](https://github.com/aquasecurity/defsec/fork) and clone it on your local machine:

```bash
# clone your fork of defsec
git clone git@github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/defsec.git
# create a working branch for your new rule

> cd defsec && git checkout -b my-awesome-new-rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd defsec 
git checkout -b my-awesome-new-rule
```

```

### :cloud: Step 2: Add Cloud Provider/Service Support

>  DefSec already covers most popular cloud providers and many services, resources and attributes available for each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 DefSec already covers most popular cloud providers; with many services, resources and attributes available for each.
```

### :lock: Step 3: Add Rule Logic

Rules are stored in the `rules/*` packages in defsec. They are organised in the same way as the `provider/*` packages: grouped together by provider and then service. Different resources are generally broken out into seperate files, but this is left to the judgement of the developer.

Each rule should include the following files:

- rule_name.go: The core rule logic and metadata.
- rule_name_test.go: Tests for the rule.

For a rule to be useful, it should include **at least 1** of the following:

- rule_name.tf.go: Good and bad Terraform examples (mainly for documentation purposes)
- rule_name.cf.go: Good and bad CloudFormation examples (mainly for documentation purposes)

If you have examples for other IaC technologies we'd love to add them too! Please let us know on Slack or GitHub.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="You have to live by my rules" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/ZXffEBBmsI3md367PN/giphy.gif" />
</p>

> Create your core rule file by duplicating an existing rule and renaming it appropriately. Remove all logic from the function at the end for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create your core rule file by duplicating an existing rule and renaming it appropriately. Remove all logic from the function at the end for now.

Rules should add results for failure or non-compliance with the check logic AND also provide a Passed result for when the check complies.
```

| Impact           | A short sentence describing the security impact of the rule failing e.g. *All data stored using service Y will be publicly available*.
| Resolution       | A short sentence describing how to resolve the issue. This shouldn't be tied to implementation technology such as Terraform/CloudFormation, but written at a higher level in terms of Cloud Resources and configuration e.g. *Enable encryption for this bucket*
| Explanation      | A detailed explanation of why this is an issue. Often very short for simple rules.
| Links            | A list of external references/guides that relate to the rule.
| Severity         | The severity of the check.
| Terraform/CloudFormation | These contain good and bad code examples (those that pass and fail the rule respectively); a list of IaC technology specific links e.g. a link to the specific resource documentation on the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/); and a markdown block that describes remediation using the specific IaC technology e.g. *Set the Terraform parameter `enable_encryption` to `true`*

> We currently use the following guide to approximate severity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the following guide to approximate severity:
```
I use the word `currently` way too often so its jarring. It reminds me of a holiday in Mallorca where the Rep said "Currently the capital is Palma"....... NO, the capital IS Palma
